# CJaaS Widgets

This open-source repository will help you start developing your own CJaaS Widgets.

Existing widgets had been designed to work with the Cisco Customer Journey as a Service (CJaaS) API, and can be used in stand-alone web applications, or integrated with Cisco Webex Contact Center (WxCC).

* [Profile View](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/cjaas-widgets/tree/main/ProfileView)
* [Timeline](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/cjaas-widgets/tree/main/Timeline)
* [Customer Journey Widget](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/cjaas-widgets/tree/main/CustomerJourney)

Each widget folder is organized as an independent project that exports a web component.

## Getting Started
- `cd` into the project folder
- run `yarn install`
- run `yarn start`
- navigate browser to `localhost:8888`

## Build and Deploy Modules
Once your widget is complete, it must be exported as a JS module that can be delivered via CDN. The build is configured to export a Web Component that can be used in your project.
- run `yarn dist` to create a compiled, minified JS module
- rename and upload the bundled module to your hosting service
- import according to your web application's config.
A basic usage may look like this, inside your applications `index.html`:
```html
<!-- Timeline widget -->
<script src="https://cjaas.cisco.com/web-components/v6/timeline-3.0.0.js"></script>
```

## CJaaS API
These widgets, and any widgets you might build, are the best place to develop API interactions, like a mini front-end application. Be sure to test your API calls in the sandbox environment, and stay informed about any changes to the backend services.

The latest endpoints can be explored at https://uswest-nonprod.cjaas.cisco.com/swagger/ui#/
### API Fundamentals
Authorized API calls require valid SAS Tokens and base URLs
#### BaseURL
Widgets that can be used by other organizations benefit from a `base-url` attribute that allows users to provide their own CJaaS API instance.
#### SAS Tokens
API calls are validated with an access token, which is managed and generated by using the CJaaS Admin Portal. Some widgets make multiple calls to different endpoints, and may need multiple tokens to be provided (as is the case with ProfileView widget, for example, which has `profile-read-token`, `profile-write-token` and `stream-token` to carry out all of the widget's jobs).

Review the SAS Token Requirements that accompany each endpoint at https://uswest-nonprod.cjaas.cisco.com/swagger/ui#/

**NOTE:** Every API call's token has a unique hash that ties it to the secret access key, and you cannot swap one for the other or modify the string without generating a server error.